Fix docatt 4255 (#1132)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: versioned_docs/version-1.3.0/advanced-topics/networktime-ticks.md

The properties of the `NetworkTimeSystem` should be left untouched on the server/host. Changing the values on the client is sufficient to change the behavior of the time system.
:::

> The way network time gets calculated can be configured in the `NetworkTimeSystem` if needed. See the [API docs](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.netcode.gameobjects@1.3/api/Unity.Netcode.NetworkTimeSystem.html) for information about the properties which can be modified. All properties can be safely adjusted at runtime. For instance buffer values can be increased for a player with a bad connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The way network time gets calculated can be configured in the `NetworkTimeSystem` if needed. Refer to the [API docs](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.netcode.gameobjects@1.3/api/Unity.Netcode.NetworkTimeSystem.html) for information about the properties which can be modified. All properties can be safely adjusted at runtime. For instance, buffer values can be increased for a player with a bad connection.
```
